- Generally, we see that
as chats get longer,
just the amount of context
Gemini has to keep track of gets bigger.
And so you may see some of the
quality start to deteriorate,
you know, many, many, many turns later.
That could be a good time
for you to kind of restart the chat.
The way... You know, one way you could do that
is actually just ask Gemini,
like, "Can you summarize this thread?
I'm gonna start another thread,"
and get an output
of, like, what has
happened in this thread,
what you have tried.
I would still upload,
if you, you know, had any attachments
in that original thread,
I would re-upload them again.
But you can do that same format of, like,
"I was working on this problem.
Here are the relevant docs attached again.
I have already done this much,"
like, paste in that summarized content,
and then ask your next
query of what to do.